Update software API response examples to be accurate (#46833)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

        "hash_sha256": "f7e4cba7676dacb03ac4cdbe5a99cc1d80ef751c484a13c6a7cf6a93de4a494e",
        "status": {
            "installed": 0,
            "pending_install": 1,
            "failed_install": 0,
            "pending_uninstall": 0,
            "failed_uninstall": 0
        },
        "self_service": false,
        "url": "",
        "fleet_maintained_app_id": null,
        "automatic_install_policies": null,
        "labels_include_any": null,
        "labels_exclude_any": null,
        "labels_include_all": null,
        "categories": null,
        "display_name": "",
        "patch_policy": null,
        "fleet_id": 310
    },
    "app_store_app": null,
    "bundle_identifier": "com.tinyspeck.slackmacgap",
    "display_name": ""
  }
}
```

`browser` and `extension_for` fields are included when set and when empty, at the same level as `source`. `extension_for` will show the browser or Visual Studio Code fork associated with the extension, allowing for differentiation between e.g. an extension installed on Visual Studio Code and one installed on Cursor. `browser` is deprecated, and only shows this information for browser plugins.

> For In-house iOS app `software_package` field is populated with package information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For in-house iOS apps, the `software_package` field is populated with package information.
```

> For Apple App Store and Google Play apps `software_package` field is `null` and `app_store_app` is populated with informations from the store. This is example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Apple App Store and Google Play apps, the `software_package` field is `null` and `app_store_app` is populated with information from the store. For example:
```
